# Snapshot Plugin for Movable Type

* Authors: Six Apart, Kevin Shay
* Copyright 2009 Six Apart, Ltd.
* License: GPL


## Overview

The Snapshot plugin makes it easy for editors, authors, and designers to track
changes to templates and entries by allowing them to save and view snapshots of
the history of each of these objects.


## Features

* For individual template and entry/page objects:
    * Manually take snapshots from from edit or listing screen.
    * Auto-snapshot upon object save (optional).
    * Max snapshots setting (optional).
    * View list of snapshots
    * Compare (diff) between snapshots and with the current object values.
    * Ability to revert to a snapshot.
* Snapshots have "Title" and "Note" fields for storing more information about
  the snapshot. These fields can be modified.
* Snapshots can be:
    * marked to keep until manually deleted
    * manually deleted
    * marked to expire (deleted if max snapshots total met)
* Snapshots are retained unless a max number is defined in the plugin settings.


## Desired Features

* Include associated categories and tags.
* Allow interaction with custom fields and FieldDay fields via callbacks.
* Refine template interaction/design.


## Installation

1. Move the `Snapshot` plugin directory to the MT `plugins` directory.
2. Move the `Snapshot` mt-static directory to the `mt-static/plugins` directory.

Should look like this when installed:

    $MT_HOME/
        plugins/
            Snapshot/
        mt-static/
            plugins/
                Snapshot/
